<center><h1>Deployments through web interface</h1></center>

This repository represents several Machine Learning project build by using different kind Machine Learning Algorithms with using Falsk web framework. In machine learning work there is a huge necessity to represents the models we bulid with web interfaces for having both smart work as well as better 
understanding with the visualization. The models that we mainly developed by using different kinds algorithms we need to integrate those with a wep application or web framework so that the actual output of the model will be visualized and can able to integrate with the data stored in database as well. In this repository I work with some 
of projects like <h4>House rent prediction which is a regression problem</h4> for that I use a custom dataset and use linear regression model to predict a probable output as rent. some calssification problems like <h4>Iris flower detection, Heart Disease prediction</h4> for both there I use a common algorithm named <h6>Logistic Regression </h6> although I have trained my model with several machine learning algorithm i just use the mentioned algorithm as save model. I also worked with a projects named <h4>Quora Question pair</h4> match which is mainly work on a method like if there is any question which is asked by anyone previously then it shows that this question was duplicate.
In Heart Disease I mainly try to identify that if a man/women will have the chance to affected by it or not based on some criteria where the dataset i used collected form kaggle. For Quora Question  pair i used the datasets which is release fora kaggle compettion and generate some of feture based on the extisting and working with the new generated features for further. Here i used XG-Boost algrithm to train my model.
